make the maximum TLS version is configurable (#5533)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/5533-izturn-small.md

> Let the maximum TLS version on Envoy Listeners is configurable, the valid options are `1.2` and `1.3`, it's defaults to TLS 1.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum TLS version on Envoy Listeners can be configured. Valid options are TLS versions `1.2` and `1.3` with a default of `1.3`.
```
